trigger error when runtimeCode is called on contracts with immutables (#8859)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:

>  * Type Checker: Added check that runtimeCode can't be accessed for contracts

Reviewer: We usually do not break lines in the changelog. Also: "cannot" :)

Bugfixes:
 * ABI: Skip ``private`` or ``internal`` constructors.

>  * Type Checker: Added check that runtimeCode cannot be accessed for contracts that use immutable state variables

Reviewer 2: Maybe
```suggestion
 * Type Checker: Disallow accessing ``runtimeCode`` for contract types that contain immutable state variables.
```
is slightly nicer :-)?

Author: changed
